everybody welcome back to know the land
please the binding of issac edge with
bluster we are not going to get Anna's
easel run I don't know many things in
this world but I know we're not going to
get another random Azazel run I'll tell
you that okay now we don't have an is a
zone we can stop taking on airs here and
z18 P 2 X G X jeez it's quite obvious
what that stands for XO going to give it
to you first things going to drop and
then he's going to what and then I don't
remember most of the rest of it please
tell me you accidentally blow yourself
up okay sweet thanks for this this is a
great first room to experience on the
bright side in one of the chests we
almost accidentally killed the enemy
that's going to take us 20 years to get
around here okay
he's inside of the wall so we can't be
hit we're going to spend like our first
two minutes doing this hey take this guy
out of the game at least take champion
that guy out of the game because we're
getting to the point that's some real
nasty first room I don't mind coming
across those guys you know after floor
one but on floor one that's like pretty
ridiculous bad stroke of luck but I want
to avoid falling into that a habit of
being like I played so much of this game
anything that's mildly difficult and
takes me out of my comfort zone I hate
it remember it was like when we first
started playing nice we had no idea what
did what we were all so young back then
we were so young that that song we are
young by that band fun was young now
it's a classic people tweeting me stop
talking about that song it reminds me of
when I was in second grade yo that's not
you know slow down you're moving too
fast hear that song as an American Eagle
classic I don't understand clothing
stores and music I don't understand
music in general ok that's obviously a
ridiculous statement give me a moment
here to kill these guys I don't want to
talk about it because I don't like going
to restaurants and there's just music
playing over like a speaker system I
don't understand it I think we've been
cultivated to believe that it
like a more pleasant environment if you
go to like a really classy place and
there's someone like you know playing a
piano or something I like that you know
especially you know around Christmas
done have yourself a merry little
Christmas you're like this is a nice
atmosphere I feel like I'm in like a
harold ramos movie or something like
that we definitely want to do it like
this and we definitely want to take that
as well we're kind of in a tight spot
here but for the most part I don't
really like go into a restaurant there
being music playing because the old
there's only two options it's the right
volume but there's still music or it's
too loud and we have to yell at the
restaurant and that happens to a degree
that I find annoying
maybe I'm just a hundred years old but
there's a particular change of
restaurants in Vancouver that shall
remain nameless that are the absolute
can I say the f-word on here there's a
freakin worst for this and it always
annoys me I guess I'm just going to die
then it's been fun guys this is not a
100% of games fault if we go down here
because we could have lived if we just
didn't go to the curse room or if the
curse room at any HP in it or if we
found a tinted rock on the floor we're
at the mercy of these dips dude keep
keep yourself free of dips we live this
in this household we're free of dips
he's done it stay back stay back they
got low HP we got a chance we got a
chance he's done it he got HP we're back
in the saddle again that sucked though
like that that sucked like a lot anyway
we're down as a next floor is still
alive
not saying we shouldn't have done better
on that floor that boss fight you know
that can be rough but that floor we
could have done a lot better on oh I'll
give you that there's no rest for the
freakin wicked here every single room is
an another fresh nightmare from the
depths of Edmund MacDonald's mind you
know Edward McDonald the creator of The
Binding of Alfred you're playing right
now it's the game are playing right now
you ding-dong I don't know what this
character is calls people ding-dongs and
hates music that's not true I like music
I just don't understand how it became
like a hundred percent sensible and
common for music to be played in a
restaurant in a bar I sort of understand
you're trying to cultivate an atmosphere
and you know 90% of human interaction is
nonverbal or something like that anyway
the point is I kind of like lemon mishap
too but we'll probably just stick with
the extra chance for money here by our
combination petrified poop and regular
poop there is a tinted rock in that room
I find myself eagerly anticipating
eventually maybe getting a single bomb
and taking advantage of that yeah I'll
give it a shot he has done it okay
thankfully and we're actually probably
going to get the 15 cents as well so
handily like this we got a bomb out of
it again anyway 15 cents is even more of
a likelihood now I keep trying to go
back to that
the bit you know is there anything more
to say about music and restaurants I
don't think so I think it's played out
so I'm going to play myself out here I
think we can go to that curse room for
free
that would be like vindication for the
last curse room being garbage and I
don't really want to pay to go to the
curse room excuse me
we got tagged I'm a little upset I'm not
going to lie I think we go like this
the reasoning is actually fairly simple
in my world wow they can't be the secret
room disregard you know what I'm gonna
I'm gonna I'm going to be an idiot let's
try it okay so here's how you do this
first off you definitely don't get hit
because now getting hit has actually
ruined my plan what I was going to do is
take Duffy's head and then we'd have
half a spirit hour then we take the pack
we go with the two spirit outs now we
cannot do that what we can do is take
the pact lose the spirit heart and then
go down to one and a half spirit hearts
but I am NOT a happy camper
that's the result of my Alan idiocy and
I will let a stream of expletives into
the air later because guppies head is
better than petrified poop I don't know
if I'm being controversial by saying
that I know people always go NL such an
edgy youtuber not afraid to make enemies
doesn't toe the line he says to the line
hey line go after yourself
I prefer curves and then you know hells
bells plays in the background a yes
bears my favorite kind of comedian
comedian who's not afraid to say what's
on his mind hey is anybody else an awful
person okay anyway oh you've done it
again you've taken away my ability to
get guppies head I'm a little rusty for
whatever reason right now we've taken
damage we shouldn't be taking and our
DPS and other you know relevant clusters
of staffs here are strong enough that we
really shouldn't be putting ourselves in
this position but apparently
done nothing to dissuade the game from
the notion that that's going to happen
here so sadly we will still not be able
to take up he said but I mean we got
deal with the devil president we should
have shot the fires and then we shot
them all after that that's fine
we still have deal with the devil
precedent and we flick out a decent set
up it's not like we screwed the entire
run up smaller Ock would be okay here I
don't know if that's okay but I went for
it regardless and I guess in the end it
did give us a key back the only way we
win here is if we use this to also get
out of a situation in which we'd like to
teleport out but anyway I just think in
general here's what gets me because I
think everybody not everybody is going
to agree with no music in a restaurant
but I think some people will don't some
people won't but everybody agrees that
if you listen to music on like a subway
or a train or a bus loudly through like
your phone speaker that's not okay but I
kind of think that they're the same
thing except one is that there's this
guy you know if he's just a random
stranger playing the music you go what
does he know I don't like his musical
tastes and then the other one is oh but
this is the restaurant manager he's the
arbiter of the music and he gets to
choose you know it's a lot of it's
acting like you belong that's that's
given this restaurant manager the
ability to be a tastemaker instead of
just a taste server
I guess managers aren't really service
you get the guy I don't know anything
about the restaurant industry is Arby's
a restaurant what do we have in here car
battery I'll take I wonder I don't I got
to try something I think if we're moving
quickly maybe we could place two poops
at once doesn't seem like it
oh well car battery is not worth
anything for us but man imagine if we
had Guppies head would it imagine how
amazing that would be if I ever get two
pennies out of one of these I will not a
nickel two pennies then I'll start to
think that maybe car battery was worth
it in the end but for now I'm not in
that position so this is kind of a tough
call
I'd say you look at this and you go you
know which one do you want to keep the
answer is you want to keep both but
obviously we can't actually do that so
it's got to be a little careful I just
thought I feel like there are places in
which music is acceptable to be played
and there's places in which is not and
restaurants are a place where it is
acceptable to play music but I wish that
it weren't you know I'm not going to I'm
not saying we should seize the means of
production boycott restaurants until
they take their music off I'm just
saying for whatever reason it doesn't I
don't understand put music on in the
dentist's office right now my dentist
does not have music on he has a TV in
his ceiling but it always plays and I
don't want to tell him this because
again I'm mostly concerned that he's
paying attention to doing the whole
tooth thing right but it always plays
like the same footage of American
national parks and it's beautiful you
know I don't know why American national
parks I imagine there was like a dental
magazine that was like hey if you buy
you know three of these DVDs we'll throw
one in for free and he's just been he's
like I can use that for 25 years worth
of patient entertainment so I've been
watching those well I you know have
routine checkups and it's fine it's
relatively relaxing but I wish you would
get like some you know put some Seinfeld
up there or something with the subtitles
on I guess he doesn't want you to laugh
so hard that you you know your own teeth
come out of your nose which is what that
show does to you but I'm not insulting
Seinfeld I like Seinfeld I'm just I'm
having a laugh at its expense for
whatever reason almost and is just so we
don't care at all about an arcade so I
guess we should try for a for something
from our shop here although I think
there's a spirit hard and nothing else
we had a reroll machine though whatever
well you know it's like what grab one of
these chariot now that's what I'm
talking about we can actually use that
to make a good arcade business happen
here
hopefully maybe we can get like an
internal heart rate here
much better than an eternal heart we
can't fight the angel statue I don't
think that angel statue she gives you a
key piece anyway though now that I think
about it but I think my well my dentist
does not understand this is like a
caricature of an NL SS episode right now
era of an isaac episode I should say
here's my impression of me ordering an
ice cream cone at the beach but now now
I think what he wants is that you're
going to look at the national parks of
the United States and you're going to be
like wow Yellowstone National Park it's
beautiful I always have to tell myself
not to say Jellystone National Park oh
god we have marked Jellystone National
marked but instead what I find myself
doing is looking at the TV and being
like who installed this ceiling TV
because the tiles are they look like
they're made of like you know corrugated
cardboard up there so I worry that this
TV is going to fall on me well I'm
having dental work done and it's only
out of respect for you that I don't make
an you know Eric Prydz reference this
time he saw me but anyway and then when
you were significant follow me you could
just startle the dentist and then who
knows you know one second he's drilling
a tooth the next one you know you can
check out at any time but you can never
leave if you know what I mean
Hotel California starts playing you get
the idea so I hate that we have marks
mostly because it sucks and it's bad and
we also love it we got some HP out of it
and we got stats I don't know where the
stats came from like Libra plus
something that already had given us
disproportionate stats in a different
area I guess but it's going to make it
harder to get more damage in the future
because of Libra and we don't have an
orbital anymore the ball of bandages is
kind of like a nice insulator to have
when you have libras so that you'll
always be able to run into an enemy and
hit them marked is a tears upgrade so
there's a benefit there but there's also
a lot of negatives because it sucks and
I hate it so and if you're a well that's
not a very well reasoned approach to
discourse Northern Line yo I have like
4,000 hours in this franchise okay I've
given not every item but almost every
item Under the Sun a fair shake at this
point I have earned the right to say
this item sucks and I hate it and have
that be if not an opinion you agree with
at least an opinion with some evidence
of validity behind it I think at least
human you may disagree and again that's
your right as well if you've watched me
play this for 4,000 frickin hours we've
got a mutual arrangement here it's like
a Stockholm Syndrome where the kidnapper
gets kidnapped by the kidnapper by the
kidnappee that's what I made to say but
either way it's just it's like the
opposite of set it and forget it it's
like set it and constantly check on it
it's like having a child that is an
isaac item first 18 years of having
marked you got to be like hey don't eat
poison and then eventually it's like
thanks for helping me naughty poison now
I'm going to move out well moving out in
today's day and age and then if that's
moving it up then moving out to dr. pam
pam the billy-oh or my favorite Swedish
artists
hate these big rooms with marked as well
just like 10 times more annoying have to
get that sort okay okay
blood rights the main reason I want
blood rights is or the main reason I
want to spacebar item is so it works
with dim bulb this item does not work
with dim bulb in fact it doesn't work as
blue baby really at all either so it's
basically a waste of its own existence
here even after we get hit we can still
hurt ourselves in that period of them
vulnerable 'ti with blood rights so it's
like really not that good but I still
hold out hope that a couple of things
could happen jeez I hate this room such
a negative episode so far but only
because we've rear old into this weird
garbage fire where our stats are
actually okay but the the stuff going on
and the other aspects of the run is not
necessarily guaranteed that come to
fruition for us here and we're still
blue baby we haven't found a solution to
our spirit hard problem yet but we got
time we got a little time
rah mega is not that bad would be nice
to hit him when he's vulnerable I know I
know now it's rag mega but rah mega is
still a great name for absolutely no
reason whatsoever so I need like a deal
with the devil here 67% chance and still
got enough spirit hearts to take it
possibly okay we didn't get it but we
did get actually like a really really
good all stats upgrade that makes me
feel very weird about the fact that our
shot speed is so high we've got like a
freakin Alliser there like Randy Johnson
here what happens if we never okay good
one what happens if we never move one or
never shoot once we enter a room like we
never use we never move and thus mark
stays in the same place so we get to
keep camo underpants on the whole time
like enemies we'll never know where we
are we turn into our own little turret
I got to give it a shot this could make
me believe in this awful awful synergy
here by the way running into enemies I'm
going to go out on a limb and say that's
not going to be one of the tips we're
going to need to succeed on this run and
we do need to play intelligently because
things are getting quite dangerous for
us here
two and a half spirit I was we had like
six two rooms ago so so I mean obviously
the downside is that you can never move
marks they also seem to like still be
shooting at me a hundred percent so
they're also still jumping towards me so
I think that it just doesn't work at all
yeah I think you might just want to aim
at them and shoot because this is a
disaster Emperor card I actually think
we shouldn't use it right now but it's
not like two of hearts is doing anything
for us we want to use this to like
teleport out of a room we hate and also
get to the boss immediately so the world
is useful there's another dice room I'm
actually like pinning my hopes and
dreams on this dice room I think there's
a decent chance we could still live and
survive and have a good fun time on this
run even without a reroll but it's going
to require some stats and I'm skeptical
as the stats will show up in the right
areas in time for us to succeed that
could be wrong straight
I know what I was thinking with that
strength guard I guess I was just like
let's just see how it affects us with
Libra and it was good but obviously you
know it's gone it's going to be an
episode where we focus a little bit more
on the Isaac commentary and all
likelihood because we are running into
trouble the original title of Motley
Crue's running with the devil dan Halen
I always get the the Motley in the van
Halen confused occasionally people go
you know that's ridiculously got the
wrong band but let's be honest they're
kind of the same band they're both named
after the guitarist obviously Eddie Van
Halen for Van Halen and he's the singer
actually haha they both kickstart hearts
I know that they both smoke in the boys
room and everybody knows that smokin
ain't allowed in school Motley Crue is
named after John motley of course the
drummer which one had Dave Navarro in it
now I'm just making people mad for no
reason so one thing we could do with
marked is babysitted absurdly and
constantly keep it so close to us that
we can pivot in any direction and like a
moment's notice I think that might
actually be our best approach as we get
through this sure I'll take kidney stone
let's get weird with it sure that all
stats downgrade why wouldn't I take
kidney stone what a great choice
especially with a with a full floor of
item room rerolls that seems like a
pretty silly choice in hindsight luck up
is nice though I mean we have eight luck
so if we can just make it oh we have no
bombs I see if we can just make it to
the to the chest we should start to pick
up inevitably hopefully enough items to
have a good shot at redemption right
it's a long way to go to get to the
chest we're not even close to make a
boss rush like that's implausible is not
possible short of getting mamma mega so
we probably I stand by not real rollin
Steam sale I think Steam sale is still
fine roughly at least but we should have
rear old kidney stone which is just not
good well I mean very temporarily we get
a nice all stats bonus when we fire
maybe that's worth it but I'm a little
skeptical kidneys still an egg I want to
like it but it just keeps making no
sense to take it like every time I get
it there's like another reason not to
take it oh it's a speed downgrade if you
have Libra it's an all stats downgrade
and it makes you stop firing when you
have marked you still have to manually
notice you're not firing and then look
at oh you also can't move marked while
you have it dude this is like stop
drilling you've hit failure okay so
we're going to get an orbital this is
good effectively we've rear old our
first keep of meat into something else
so getting a second queue of meat is
actually nice we get all the value we
could have expected out of a first level
Kiva meat with none of the negatives of
the second
which is mostly just that it's slightly
less efficient all right damage was nice
we can take a deal oh my god I can't
take a deal it's way too risky I don't
know man I don't know I think we should
save our emperor card or Deb's one Deb
Stu okay
I was going to say that would be pretty
nasty situation okay blow this up range
up is an all stats up minor one but
still where as oh there it is it's a bit
of a bit of a tough call because dim
bulb oh never mind it's the easiest call
in the world we want to stick with dim
bulk okay so we got our first reroll
going here what is this I am the
happiest camper in the world our steps
Isan it our stats are really bad like
really really bad but the run looks cool
so we're going to roll with it for a
while here perks okay like art our
synergies are cool we have like we have
lusty blood I think and some of our
stats are being accounted for by dim
bulb which is really not where you want
to be like you don't want to be beholden
to a trinket for that much of your
damage unless I guess there's no other
choice which is where we're at right now
but yeah we go down a 2.39 damage with a
10 rate of fire like that doesn't seem
like it should even be plausible so this
is going to get real old just because
it's it's fun but it's not strong unless
we get like a huge stat increase somehow
unlikely to to stick with this one but
it's not horrible I think you could make
a winning run out of this but you would
be annoyed certainly if we're going to
try to roll this one I'd like to have
more HP to do so
this one's starting to look great rate
of fire is not good it's like chocolate
milk 2020 not my favorite combination
preferred you know chocolate milk and
like an Oreo cookie or something like
that that's a joke I don't drink milk
but I'm not going to go off on that
tangent so a lot of like restaurant
music we only drink milk because we
think it's good for us I think it's the
way that it should be well you might
drink because you like to taste and I
mean Who am I to say no to that right
I'd rather donate and yeah I was going
to say give some extra luck then worry
about the battery right now which is not
going to do anything for us anyway what
is our what is our respawn I'm losing it
I don't see a respawn oh no I do see one
the little coil over there I thought it
was bird poop but instead it says
Lazarus rags so we don't want to use
lavs rags good donations we also got to
luck I think out of our plays there so
I'm happy with that our speed is bad
that's the real problem right now I
don't care about anything else we got
eight lakh that's fine enemies are dying
because we got five point five five
damage it's not that bad we actually it
is that bad because we had like seven
something when dim-bulb was at its most
active so the dim bulb is never a
negative all it does is like it masks
our bad base damage for a while so it
seems like a negative when it comes down
but you realize it's only artificial you
should never have gotten it in the first
place you know you shouldn't have gotten
accustomed to your high damage it was
only the unique conditions of the period
that allows you to enjoy the benefits of
having that high damage that you didn't
deserve it's very much like a subprime
mortgage in that regard man I think we
want that because we're probably going
to reroll this one it's ok the 20/20
chocolate milk it's like I mean as you
can tell the damage is good but this is
more like it
throwing out green and black bones left
right and center here with 12.3 damage
on each one some of them are razor
blades and the compound fractures
obviously break apart into smaller bones
that continue to orbit us I am very pro
this we also have Eve's mascara and yet
our damage are sorry our rate of fire is
not that bad
I also see that we have varicose veins
I'm 100% in for this we Emperor and this
gives us a chance to possibly fight hush
at some point you see that bone that was
shooting bones out of it this is a cool
run of course our damage has gotten way
down now that I look at it because we
actually didn't have 12 damage that was
only because we had dim bulb working for
us we got the same freaking situation
it's still pretty cool but little
underpowered and we still have a respawn
in here somewhere I want to fly you know
what for low on HP let's take it dude
why would we do that that was a little
dangerous our rate of fire is so bad
why did it was 14 on the boss fight now
it's 17 and it feels like it's twice as
slow stop
I think we hit them once there we go
spun now that's good damage not really
actually but are all of our stats are
pretty good plus we got our HP back
we have conjoined I think though I don't
know man let's say anytime a run gets a
d4 we enter into this weird like you
know fugue state I've been overusing
that phrase lately B I think you sort of
get the idea you know I did I always go
maybe we'll stick with this one and then
I don't stick with that one I move it or
around up the Sun down I see where the
bad guys are to be found and I make them
lay down but not out of violence out of
love right we can't fly even though we
just took empty vessel surprised to pain
to be some big Shen like I am because
remember that Chris Rock song okay sorry
Kid Rock song the Chris Rock song is
there's no sex in the champagne room
it's been a while there's a song by Kid
Rock it's called all summer long it was
probably the most popular song in my
first summer of university 2007 there's
a song where there's a line in that song
that I always take issue with I'm trying
to think of what it is he rhymes the
same word with the same word and it's
like nobody raked him over the coals for
that everybody's given Kayne nonsense
for you know keep it 300 like the road
like the Romans but nobody is getting on
Kid Rock's case so let me think about
this here
oh that's it and we were trying
different things we were smoking funny
things and you're like he said things
twice nobody got on his case they you
know how many words rhyme with things
it's literally like 30% of the English
language ends in ing
direct save your money you got to try to
tell me this dude couldn't think of
another word that rhymes with pings and
I know you're saying you do it if you're
the master everyone waits with bated
breath we would trying different things
we were eating chicken wings and that
sounds like pretty stupid I'll admit but
keep in mind the whole song is about
like a carefree summer it totally works
people might be like F silly why is he
talking about eating chicken wings but
at least it doesn't rhyme with the same
word twice in a row that make the whole
song about chickens eating buffalo
chicken wings off some alone I can't get
a lyric out of my head now that gos
ranch dressing dad's blessing I don't
know what's this red sky at night
sailor's delight you know ranch dressing
in the morning dad's blessing more
morning so this run I mean it's taking
its toll on me it's said goodbye too
many times before but I don't think I
necessarily want to stick with it
although now I definitely wouldn't like
to stick with it because it's like a
really good I'm going to go fight hush
though maybe picked up a second steam
say on the whole scheme of things there
I don't know in the whole scheme of
things I think we've got to give it a
shot at least yeah this is the good
stuff
okay how do you do this you take dark
Judas
and then you gotta hurt yourself a bunch
somehow that'll do it
then no we've been to too many rooms to
go back and get Avedon oh no no I've
done it that's that's a whoopsie so the
intention there in case it wasn't clear
was I was going definitely want this I
was going to murder myself with bombs to
get teleported back into the devil room
and then we were going to be able to get
Avedon in f6 HP with a bunch of extra
damage instead okay instead what we did
was possibly contribute to us losing the
whole run I do want the compass just in
case we live here we have money equals
power
so actually what we should do is go hard
on money equals power
we can still respawn as dark units so
that's what I want to keep in mind here
[Music]
screw it we can still do this we've got
ma the Boyd don't even sweat it
I mean sweated a little bit because it
was an idiotic decision on my part for
this to have ever happened but no
shielded tears I was checking rest
assured it sucks because the plane was
actually great and it would have doubled
our damage while also giving us Abaddon
which would have left our HP roughly the
same but again giving us more damage and
fear shot not that that matters but
instead what we did is basically
inadvertently contribute to possibly
losing the run but we need this got to
do is summon a bunch of cheap enemies
that we can just like go wild on we did
not get hurt by that a bomb went off
right next to us we do we have holy
mantle it's definitely like you're going
to say that's one of the dumbest things
you've ever done in this game I'll be
straight up with you oh that's it was
this thing I see it's actually not even
in like the top probably 200 it was
pretty stupid but I mean not sure if you
notice but we've created and like
quadruple two HP we had before basically
by doing nothing at all so we're still
completely okay apparently we can't
create anymore but even still you know
the maw of the void pick up was
definitely the right decision
I don't know if we're immune to bombs or
we actually have holy mantle or what's
going on there so if we're going to
reroll this run and I have a temptation
to do so I'll admit it to you in no
uncertain terms if we're going to
re-roll this run we probably want to
become dark Judas first so we'll think
about that as we progress onwards here
we usually reroll into HP so it'll just
be nice to have every run get some extra
damage so we definitely have holy mantle
that's the that's how we got that HP
there you know what leave that HP there
this way if we want to become dark Judas
we can at least get one extra HP out of
it before we reroll this hushed I ended
up being actually really really easy not
done yet but like let's be honest pretty
much done
what have we done we'd accidentally
inverted his nipple
all right just keep it going just keep
it going you're never going to hit me
with that why I don't know I don't make
the rules three pretty flies are helping
out a lot I assumed as part of the deal
here you've opted out of your own
existence buddy just firing continuum
shots all day long who you eatin
different things you were making chicken
wings singing your favorites disco song
that starts with the thumb does it
really work at all busy so we blow
ourselves up and we blow ourselves up
and we blow ourselves up and then we
wait until our admits ability goes we
blow ourselves up we walk out of the
room blow ourselves up blow ourselves up
again use like 12 bombs to hurt
ourselves three times it's not a great
play on my part but hey our damage is
better what do we got in here again
glass can and that's right I remember
that what a funny experience that was I
can't believe we made it work I can sort
of believe we made it work all right
on the cathedral reroll the run now we
have conjoined I guess last time we
didn't have conjoined we just had a
dunce cap
I don't know what happened on that room
if I'm being honest with you
do we have nod Leif no we just have not
Leif we just a little weird looking it's
okay
appreciate the spirit hearts either way
we must have some kind of like fruitcake
or $3 bill because our tier effects are
changing room to room it look be honest
we're going to re-roll the whole run
anyway so it doesn't matter too too much
I freakin boss fights over there it
could be this way I don't think it is
but it could be this way fifty two
damage with crickets body this is the
dream even though we have Isaac's heart
this is the dream this is the run you
write home about it's just all bombs Wow
our do the damage gets so much worse so
quickly with dim bulb it's like only
briefly acceptable but it's still a
really good we didn't need fifty damage
to make this run work yeah I don't want
to re-roll this one this is the the one
you've write home about
well we've had a nice little love sweet
of production on these runs lately you
know we've managed to succeed on some
runs that seemed unsuccessful like our
first floor on this Ryan we're not done
with this one yet but our first floor on
this one was a nightmare and yet we made
it work and our our role that we kind of
grandfathered ourself into here is
fantastic all we got to do is hold
steady could afford to change drink it's
not that this one hurts us but we could
afford to change that something that
actually helps us at this point
oh he's frozen
don't forget to yera I often forget to
yera
we're going to not forget the era you
might have taro cloth do not have taro
cloth please double our damage no point
eight nine that's not it's not even
close to a doubling sinus infection I
don't know kind of it usually this
happens it's the phenomenon of just
getting like almost exclusively junk
items on the on the chest after you've
been using the D for like crazy
we definitely have strange attractor
leading to me taking some damage I'm not
super proud of but the thing with the d4
is that it's also a get-out-of-jail-free
card so if we have to re-roll we can
probably do so and get ourselves back to
a level of HP that's appropriate we also
have Isaac's heart so I'm kind of
putting myself in a tough spot there
bomber boy always a little bit dicey ooh
okay
Robo baby pretty much terrible I think
I'm going to re-roll I know I said I
wouldn't reroll and this is very very
strong I like it a lot but you know
variety is the spice of life that and
you know I mean let's be honest salt and
pepper really okay how's this one it
seems pretty not great but looks can be
deceptive as Brad Pitt said and burn
after reading for one more reroll in
here just for good luck and look at that
we get the classic final reroll item
Eden's blessing so that on our next run
we're going to be in like the greatest
position you could ever imagine
I would do the void on this one
we got the HP we got to get out of jail
free we got the base underlying stamps I
shouldn't have said it
because now I'm committed dang it
you notice the dark you just look like
potion seller for a second there when he
went into the portal you can't handle my
strongest rerolls etc etc so now we
should stick with the run that works and
I'm not too upset about losing the last
one because although it possibly would
have worked we were taking a lot of
damage it was kind of an uncontrollable
like Incredible Hulk sort of situation
you notice we got like a little
Christmas thing going on here with all
of our blood and bile dreaming of a
gross Christmas try re-roll all stats
went up except tears which went down but
I do like bloody lust on a floor this
long I don't think this is a great floor
for momma mega I don't think we're
gutting a lot of flies we must have well
we do have the Mulligan you can see it
right there
now we can also see where all the
enemies are you must have a compass of
something there's still a living spider
somewhere Varys
what did we blow up if you took no
damage I have to know the Bible doesn't
even give us bookworm what a waste it's
an embarrassment your mother is very
upset right now I don't know if we lose
the bloody loss damage if we reroll but
you know I'm content to continue kind of
going for it here because what you know
when you get to D for as long as you're
not in danger of breakfasting yourself I
think you're good and I mean we have not
had to be for long enough to worry about
breakfasting ourselves I know because we
did an Isaac run on the LSS like three
days ago I had to be 100 it took me a
few floors to breakfast myself we good
year of the nonsense
let's open it be a pacano rune and give
us almost no appreciable benefit so I
think the secret is you go into the boss
fight see what you get if you get a boss
you don't like you can reroll midway
through the boss fight and maybe your
life is going to be easier as a result
that's my my diagnosis for a successful
run here I don't think we've been hit
since we've had this run we should
really like take a take a cue maybe some
of the other letters in the alphabet as
well okay
I have greed I'm hoping to fight a
delirium quickly and that's exactly how
she goes bud devil hanged man like a
poppet but oh he gets frozen yeah we got
this easily I think but if you really
want to go nightmare mode and possibly
ruin the streak you reroll midway
through am I going to do that yeah
allora let's go we got like all stats up
one two three four five that's pretty
cool still doing decent damage
kind of hard to aim
apparently it's getting the job done
though
that was six unless they threw an
explosion at me so I think we just won
because were the world's greatest player
the binding of issac it was a fun run no
doubt very scary in the opening but at
the end we began our Judas this is the
run that should have been the Azazel run
but for now thanks for watching hope you
guys have enjoyed the episode if you did
click the like button outside a great
deal of course describe you wanna see
more in the future but for now thanks
for watching and I'll see you next time